It is the sixth of november 2012 and
if you wanted to be pathetic then
One could say today is one
historical day
It is chosen in the USA by the way
not just a new president, but
something is also going on in the congress
But that's not what it should be
be a topic
important in the presidency 2 barack
obama only with rangnick you can do it
make you smart again
that's what it's all about here as well
news to go also have a message
from berlin around the so-called
Breakdown airport 's something new and
of course the number of the day
Let's start with the topic at all
light of the us presidential election of the
we will know that today, hopefully
night maybe we know it too
not that is related to that
This time the race is so close where you are
do not really know if it's like that
usually is usually at least
at the end of the elections it is already clear who
and the winner is
it could be that you are
have to look at the whole thing again
that you have to check that both sides
already have so many
lawyers who are looking for that
Everything is right but it is
Of course we can do that today
night already have a result today
night because of that so far
time difference usa and so and so
Only the results of a
state if
you are all polling stations closed and
this also in the us to different
Of course, there are also time zones
here different from the times and
to secure the results
gradually by so far you can
Of course, no tendency to foresee
because still no polling place but so off
Around 6 pm, there are the first ones
Results I got you that very much
good ones I find mirrors online
live-ticker links as you learn
Everything important and in this place can
I'll tell you something here now
have considered and if I have
Actually, that's what I do today
after the backup put in very early
I'll get up and a little video
turn for you so
the morning before leaving home
just go once briefly a computer
you can find out who is newer
us president is provided that he already there
So it's hard not to get stuck early
Do you take a look there is then one
little special to the
us presidential elections rejoice me
if you look at it message number
two comes today from Germany the
already said from berlin
there is supposed to be a new airport
arise or it arises all the time
but actually he should already
be done long ago that you have
probably will get this
drama around the metropolitan airport
actually in June it should be done
but it was not known shortly before
Finished there were supposedly only problems with
any fire protection regulations
has turned out the child a lot
more problems
then one said in the autumn winter
finished and eventually became known
Maybe next fall is true
not mister 2012 but october 2013
So for more than a year, the
Opening for airport postponed
that there is nothing new that you know now
but is new that air berlin so the
airline air berlin the operator of
Capital City sued for this
actually we would have a whole again
lots of money through the rag
we assumed that we were in
can depart this year already and
can fly to
and that does not work now
we have big losses and that
prospects that this suit succeeds
they are also very good because it is her
probably actually the operators that
the airport I finished is necessary
look how it goes on but I think
quite exciting that it is actually now
legal steps available at
originally looked like at first
would not you go now is that
number of the day and the number of the day
is the 5 yes this is again its own
message but because today is the sac
I use this opportunity very brash
to do a short advertising for one
video that I am today
has uploaded tomorrow is always so
that you have a little longer on Tuesdays
explained video gets to either one
historical or political topic
or something else
and this time there are five steps
whom you without problems to the Abitur comes
check it out here
it is also for Aldi real school graduation
I can do or graduate from high school
apply to everything and for all those
already have indeed also times
purely because they are very funny
things in it
not from me but from at
Just have a look and
now at the end still has to be lovely
even my favorite comment below
the video of yesterday in which I
forgot to ask a question
I then as you may
was seen was still so
not fully aware of who you would be
you choose if you could and that
what you wrote so covers that
actually ask yourself with the others
in germany, there is everything very much
very clear majority of all german
would barack obama sake for that I have
now no message selected
but the message to another
thing I found very good looking potty
hey I'm 18 recently
become
Congratulations later and would be great
like to go bear because otherwise I agreed
yes, in any case, without the
agree
Well, I do not know what I mean
So in any case, I think
it just so difficult to get me right
inform which party represents what
and so on you could maybe
sum up the video to do it
such a rough overview that would be great
hey look potty like it related
I have planned exactly that, so I have
to make a video in three weeks
I'll tell you something about that
most important politician in germany her
what kind of minister do we ever experience
to have
who has something to say here with us and
if you want to know what they are
have individual parties for programs
then you look at this video in there
I'll explain a little something to you
I have already done that and
Of course , this will be one of the Bundestag elections
the next year also appropriate
Just give me videos
let's see if I then a holder
or could
not from many thanks for this
comment this time do not forget you
to ask a question and ask the question
I asked you this time , too
to do the US one last time now
you actually find that in us
the media too much about the usa
I'm told I 'm doing yes
also a lot about the usa or said that
is a big country there you can do that
Do what you think you do
can you also like to criticize her
can make the holy jerk off what
very easy to talk about other countries
your opinion, the usa are too omnipresent
in the german media about youtube
or not curious what you say we are
see us again tomorrow morning
I do not hear the baker